---
title: "New Video: How Zelenskyy stopped worrying and learned to love ATACMS"
description: "Who is afraid the war in Ukraine will end?Only two days after the Collective Biden administration gave the green light for the UK-favored policy of deploying ATACMS missile systems into Ukraine for st..."
date: 2024-11-19
---

Who is afraid the war in Ukraine will end?Only two days after the Collective Biden administration gave the green light for the UK-favored policy of deploying ATACMS missile systems into Ukraine for strikes into Russian territory, the use of such systems is now reported. The Russian Defense Ministry reported today on Telegram at 7:15 a.m.: “According to confirmed data, operational tactical missiles American-made «ATACMS» were used.”[]()“Kyiv said on Tuesday it struck a Russian arsenal near the town of Karachev in the Bryansk region, over 110 km (70 miles) from Ukraine (https://reuters.com/topic/event/ukrai…, in what two Ukrainian media outlets reported was a first strike with U.S.-supplied ATACMS missiles (https://reuters.com/world/atacms-us-m… Reuters continues, “There was no official confirmation from Ukraine about what weapon was useMeanwhile, NATO-sphere media and government officials repeat the mantra that the issue is one of quote-unquote “allowing Ukraine“ to use these ATACMS systems.Yet Vladimir Putin had already clarified over two months ago––one day before the UK’s Keir Starmer had flown to DC to lobby for escalation––that, “What we are seeing is an attempt to substitute notions. Because this is not a question of whether the Kiev regime is allowed or not allowed to strike targets on Russian territory. It is already carrying out strikes using unmanned aerial vehicles and other means. But using Western-made long-range precision weapons is a completely different story.“The fact is that I have mentioned this, and any expert, both in our country and in the West will confirm this, the Ukrainian army is not capable of using cutting-edge high-precision long-range systems supplied by the West. … These weapons are impossible to employ without intelligence data from satellites which Ukraine does not have. This can only be done using the European Union’s satellites, or US satellites in general, NATO satellites. This is the first point.The second point perhaps the most important, the key point even is that only NATO military personnel can assign flight missions to these missile systems. Ukrainian servicemen cannot do this.”The deployment of ATACMS and other systems from within Ukraine necessarily requires the active deployment of both NATO military personnel and NATO satellite technologies in Ukraine in active war mobilization against Russia.Far from being “bluffing” as the imbeciles of the trans-Atlantic “stupidity agencies” and “stink tanks” claim, the updated nuclear doctrine signed into law today by the Russian President is a principled stance that they will not allow their country to be destroyed because of the legalistic technicality of the logic of war by proxy.Should the people of the United States choose to be INTELLIGENT, they would begin to inquire as to who fears the end of this war, as Slovakian President Fico stated suggestively about the Ukrainian figurehead Zelenskyy.Intelligent, sane Americans can and must bring about the conditions where nonviolent coexistence, instead of violent coannihilation is the outcome of this war. Indeed, our nation is being drawn “irresistibly toward peace” as John F. Kennedy famously stated in 1963. But this will not come, as he warned, without a change from within. We must ask ourselves, whether we would think like Kennedy, or Zelenskyy?

Who is afraid the war in Ukraine will end?

Only two days after the Collective Biden administration gave the green light for the UK-favored policy of deploying ATACMS missile systems into Ukraine for strikes into Russian territory, the use of such systems is now reported. The Russian Defense Ministry reported today on Telegram at 7:15 a.m.: “According to confirmed data, operational tactical missiles American-made «ATACMS» were used.”

{{< youtube 52MxKvwAeqk >}}

[]()“Kyiv said on Tuesday it struck a Russian arsenal near the town of Karachev in the Bryansk region, over 110 km (70 miles) from Ukraine (https://reuters.com/topic/event/ukrai…, in what two Ukrainian media outlets reported was a first strike with U.S.-supplied ATACMS missiles (https://reuters.com/world/atacms-us-m… Reuters continues, “There was no official confirmation from Ukraine about what weapon was use

Meanwhile, NATO-sphere media and government officials repeat the mantra that the issue is one of quote-unquote “allowing Ukraine“ to use these ATACMS systems.

Yet Vladimir Putin had already clarified over two months ago––one day before the UK’s Keir Starmer had flown to DC to lobby for escalation––that, “What we are seeing is an attempt to substitute notions. Because this is not a question of whether the Kiev regime is allowed or not allowed to strike targets on Russian territory. It is already carrying out strikes using unmanned aerial vehicles and other means. But using Western-made long-range precision weapons is a completely different story.

“The fact is that I have mentioned this, and any expert, both in our country and in the West will confirm this, the Ukrainian army is not capable of using cutting-edge high-precision long-range systems supplied by the West. … These weapons are impossible to employ without intelligence data from satellites which Ukraine does not have. This can only be done using the European Union’s satellites, or US satellites in general, NATO satellites. This is the first point.

The second point perhaps the most important, the key point even is that only NATO military personnel can assign flight missions to these missile systems. Ukrainian servicemen cannot do this.”

The deployment of ATACMS and other systems from within Ukraine necessarily requires the active deployment of both NATO military personnel and NATO satellite technologies in Ukraine in active war mobilization against Russia.

Far from being “bluffing” as the imbeciles of the trans-Atlantic “stupidity agencies” and “stink tanks” claim, the updated nuclear doctrine signed into law today by the Russian President is a principled stance that they will not allow their country to be destroyed because of the legalistic technicality of the logic of war by proxy.

Should the people of the United States choose to be INTELLIGENT, they would begin to inquire as to who fears the end of this war, as Slovakian President Fico stated suggestively about the Ukrainian figurehead Zelenskyy.

Intelligent, sane Americans can and must bring about the conditions where nonviolent coexistence, instead of violent coannihilation is the outcome of this war. Indeed, our nation is being drawn “irresistibly toward peace” as John F. Kennedy famously stated in 1963. But this will not come, as he warned, without a change from within. We must ask ourselves, whether we would think like Kennedy, or Zelenskyy?
